good morning everybody it's wednesday
december twenty third this is the last
ones day before christmas and we're here
for unboxing Wednesday's episode eight
we're here at stadium comics and
brampton ontario and without further ado
rob open up some boxes first up is
morning glories issue 5 this is the
regular cover we also have the variant
cover here this is a one-in-four
customer appreciation variant morning
glories was just named best ongoing
comic title of the year by MTV's splash
page they did a list of all the all the
year's best sand this top the list for
comics what we have here is the variant
to Green Lantern larfleeze Christmas
special and I think it goes without
saying that future generations will look
at this larfleeze issue as kind of like
the new Grinch that stole Christmas it
looks really cool there's activities
inside too there's even as fun larfleeze
maze that you can complete a great
stocking stuffer for Christmas did he's
issue 2 of Grant Morrison's new Batman
Incorporated story warlord of Mars issue
3 hit stance today here's the j scott
campbell cover just sure to be very
popular here's a joe jusko cover now you
say it Joe Jessica sounds good to me
alright Batman annual number 28 comes
out today mark millar's superior issue 3
this is the Teen Titans captain cold one
shot invincible Iron Man number 33 this
is the tron variant here's the regular
cover to the lard fleece Christmas
special larfleeze is very blinged out
and gangster looking there's a New Teen
Titans trade paperback that collects all
of the Ravager backups Justice League
generation loss number 16 credible
Hulk's issue 619 here's uncanny x-men
issue 5 31 and as you can see in this
issue the x-men have been shrunk down
placed into their original costumes and
put into these test tubes I think that's
basically the summary of what's going on
in that issue but not really blackest
night series 6 toys come out today here
is the first one this is
star sapphire or Wonder Woman here's
Black Lantern Hawkgirl here's a Hal
Jordan figure this is probably going to
be the most in demand of the blackest
night figures this is a Blue Lantern
flash here's an art of Vampirella
hardcover artbook that came in today
here's a 1 in 25 Batman Incorporated
cover ultimate spider-man issue 151
here's x-men legacy issue 243 here's a
one-in-five guild vork one-shot Marian
Wonder Woman 605 is out today and here
is the variant cover for that comic is
the grimm fairy tales holiday special
issue here's the variant cover two x-men
issue 6 featuring x-men and vampire
Jubilee the free Marvel 2011 calendars
are here so come on into stadium comics
and pick up one before they're all gone
there's the all-new savage sword of
conan series it's very thick there's a
lot of stories in here this is a great
pickup for the cone advance here's the
regular cover two x-men number six this
is the third x-men title at this week so
if you're an x-men fan this is your week
is Justice League issue 52 featuring
dark Supergirl here's grimm fairy tales
issue 54 here's bomb queen issue 3 of 4
and this cover kind of speaks for itself
looks like obama has got a baby mama
it's a new incorruptible trade featuring
art by a friend of stadium comics marcio
Takara is invincible Iron Man issue 33
here's Fantastic Four issue 586 issue
587 is coming up next month and it's the
issue where one of the fantastic four
members dies there's a lot of hype and
press around it right now and you can
expect the demand for the book will be
pretty high so if you're interested in
the book at all please come into stadium
let us know email us whatever it's going
to be Polly bagged much like the death
of superman comic was the week after 587
comes out they're going to issue a
variant cover which spoils who gets
killed in 587 here's green lantern
chorus issue 55 this is the variant
ever hear Superman Batman is she's 79
then this issue we see return to grant
morrison's 1,000,000 storyline here's a
new miniseries in the Ultimate Universe
this is ultimate doom issue 1 here's vol
10 of the GI Joe classics trade for
those of you who don't know what this is
this reprints for the first time the
classic GI Joe Mara serious by marble
from the 80s and this takes us all the
way up to issue 100 reprinted for the
first time I want to emphasize that ok
for that one guy who keeps coming in
looking for name or if you're watching
here it is we have your name or issue so
come in by one by two hey by all five
it's it's all good here's artifacts
issue 3 this was voted by MTV splash
page as the best event comic of 2010 so
it's definitely worth a look here's the
tana issue 8 is the new what if
featuring dark rain and this has the
last of four parts of the what if venom
possessed Deadpool story Wonder Woman
605 the regular cover Legion of
super-heroes issue 8 here's invincible
issue 76 for those of you out there who
have a thing with eyes being poked don't
look at this cover Justice League of
America issue 52 this is the variant
cover issue 35 of the outsiders in this
issue we get the origin story of the new
character freight train Green Lantern
Corps issue 55 regular cover aunt issue
12 here's Deadpool issue 30 this is a
tie-in to curse of mutants here's the
top cal holiday special and on the flip
side they've got a jingle bell holiday
special as well here's to issue 16
generation lost variant cover Batman
streets of Gotham issue 18 got some
final fantasy plush toys alright finally
today we have the new axe cop trade
paperback from dark horse axe cop is
pretty much the best comic ever made it
started out as a webcomic it's written
by a five-year-old boy and drawn by his
29 year old brother and it's absolutely
hilarious
and it'll have you in tears when you
read it axe cop is basically this cop
who goes around with an axe and he chops
off the heads of bad guys this is y una
baby on the front you know baby goes
through lots of different
transformations throughout the course of
the book wexter the dinosaur with
machine gun hands you have sockarang
down here we're not really sure if he's
a good or bad guy but he's got socks for
hands if you're anywhere within a
50-mile radius of stadium comics you
need to come in and pick up this book
today alright everybody that's it for
episode eight thanks for watching have a
happy holidays stay tuned for news on
our big boxing day sale we'll be
announcing that on our Facebook page
shortly as always you can find us on
facebook it's www.facebook.com / stadium
comics you can follow us on twitter
username there is at stadium comics
subscribe to our youtube page and visit
our website wwii comic CA that's it have
a great day enjoy your comics this week
you